He might end up worse than us
It's all Ouyang's Death Star
Whoever has anything to do with him is out of luck
Now.
All the big names and faces in the galaxy know it
Yeah.
The cooperation with our white armor has been cancelled.
And today?
He was also kicked out of teaching by the old lady next door
Now.
There are still several companies that want to terminate their contracts with us
Our loss is so great
It's all Ouyang's fault for that broom star
It's okay, dad can definitely fix it.
By the way, I heard from Dr. Tang today
Your grandmother is showing signs of consciousness
We're going to see your grandma tomorrow
With your grandma's help
Then regret it again
grandma
Grandma, you're finally awake
Slept for so many days
I finally stopped next to my precious granddaughter
Sleep so tired
Like before
How can I be willing to do this for you?
grandma
My current biological parents are very kind to me.
I also have five brothers
This is my second brother Li Jinghui
Hello, old sister.
Don't worry, our family is very happy.
Grandparents are back
I'm relieved.
Don't worry, grandma.
My second brother's uncle is very good.
You'll be fine.
I love you I will check your body
No, you're welcome.
How is the second brother?